Hello and welcome to this art Tauriel I'm super excited because today we're going to implement this
classification model in our.
We just inviting for those of you who are here and this excitement is due to the fact that we will discover
a very new kind of classification you will see that the prediction regions and prediction boundaries
are something you haven't seen yet.
So let's find out about that right now.
So we'll quickly set our folder as we can directory.
Part 3 classification decision tree classification.
And here is to make sure that you have the social network and see the file.
Then you click on this more button here to set the folder as working directory.
Then let's quickly take our templates select everything from here to the bottom copy and paste it here
.
All right.
And now let's change a few things.
So just not forget this changed the titles in the plot.
So we will replace classifier by Decision Tree and here as well.
OK.
And now let's create our classifier So an art to create a decision tree classifier we will use again
the most popular library for that which is the our part library.
So now just check to see if you have the airport library in your packages.
So for example mine is right here.
It might not be the case for you if you're starting or for the first time.
So I'll just write this line of code for those of you who need to install it.
And so as usual it's install packages.
And then in quotes in the parenthesis you input the name of the package which is then our parts.
All right.
And then to install the package in it to select this line and execute.
I won't do it right now because my baggage is already installed so I'll just put that as comment and
however we're going to include this line of code here library and in parenthesis our part to automatically
select this library because once this is executed this will be selected.
As you can see right now it's not selected but it will be once this is executed.
OK.
And now we are ready to create our classifier.
So let's do this classifier as usual equals and then we are going to use actually a function which is
the same as the library or part.
So our part and this function we will put the right parameters so well as you can see right now we can
see what those parameters are.
But if you want more info we can click here and press one.
And here we just need to click here to get some info about our part I guess as you can see the first
argument is formula.
So this is a parameter that we have to input and as usual we're going to write the formula equals dependent
variable till the dot in the data is a shortcut to replace the sum of the independent variables which
is the other way of writing the formula.
So that's the same as usual and then we have the data argument here which is of course the data on which
you want to train your classifier.
So this data will be the training set.
All right so let's end with the arguments.
So I remember the first argument with formula equals purchased.
That's the dependent variable till the.
I would just press out and and then a dot to include all the variables then come up and then put the
second argument which remember it was made up and we pick our trainset perfect.
And now let's execute the whole code.
So first we execute this pre-processing part here as usual done.
Perfect.
So we can have a look at a data set dataset of find with are two independent variables age an estimated
salary and our dependent variable chased training sets.
All good and test set all good.
OK.
So the training set and the test sets are scales because we will plot the prediction regions with a
high resolution so we need to scale.
Actually you can try to not scale the independent variables here you know because for decision tree
you don't need to scale your independent variables because the decision tree model is not based on Euclidean
distance but since we want to plot the prediction regions with a high resolution you will see that your
code will execute a huge time faster than if you don't scale it.
Actually I think that if you don't scale your code might break you can try that but be careful.
So we will do it and then we will execute the code again without the scaling to plug the tree.
So we will clear everything.
And then the pre-processing parts select everything except the feature scaling.
And then we will plot our tree in a very simple way.
But right now we want to plot in prediction regions.
So we scale our independent variables.
Okay so perfect now that Castro is ready so let's executed all right all good now we can execute this
line to predict the test results and actually what's funny is that why pred is not the same as what
we were used to.
First for example we can see why bread here.
Remember before white bread wasn't in the data here we had to type it in the console to have a look
at it.
And here it's here.
So let's click on it to find out what it is.
All right this is why pred and this is actually a matrix of two columns and a hundred lines.
So what is this new why pray.
What is it exactly.
Well as you can see the some of the two cells here in each line is equal to one.
So can you guess what it is.
Well these are probabilities.
The first column gives the probability that the observation the user belongs to can't zero.
That is doesn't buy the SUV.
And this probability in the second column is the probability that the user buys the SUV belongs to class
one that is by the SUV.
So here if you look at the first observation you can see that there is a very high probability that
the user buys the SUV 0.26 against a very low probability.
Well of course because the sum is equal to one and so that means here that the prediction here is that
the user doesn't buy the SUV.
And if you look at the test here and look at the index zero we can see that indeed in reality the user
didn't buy the SUV and therefore the prediction is correct but that's because we have white bread this
way in our templates and if you don't want this format of white bread Well you just need to add a simple
argument which is type hair that type equals.
And you just need to input class.
Ok let's try let's try to execute this line again and here's why.
Let's have a look at why Prit now widespread.
There you go.
Now why Pretis vector.
So you can see for each observation of the test that is for each user of the set we have like before
the predictions zero or one for each user 0.
If the user is predicted not to buy the SUV and one if the user is predicted to buy the SUV according
to our decision tree classifier.
OK.
So that's a little thing to change here.
Make sure that you know your wife bread is your dependent vector of results zero or one that we were
used to because as you can see we used the same product function with two arguments classifier and new
data equals grid set.
So that means that this won't work because this is supposed to be a vector of prediction results.
Only this time it's for all the pixel points you know the imaginary pixel point users in the grid within
the Predict function is associated to the classifier which is the decision tree gasifier.
And if we only keep those two arguments here then this will make any sense because this will return
WEIGERT as a matrix of the two probabilities and therefore here will have some problem because it will
be a matrix of a matrix whereas here it's supposed to be a vector.
So what we want them to do and we will do it now so that we don't forget is to add this type parameter
and we will set it equal to class and then it will work perfectly.
So I will copy this and added here as well.
Perfect.
And now it's ready now.
It will plug the graphs without any errors.
So I know I gave you a template that is supposed to work without changing anything to plus the classifications
.
I'm sorry sometimes we need to change a little few stuff and that's why we need to you know execute
each of the lines one by one to see if it's as it should be.
And here since we found out that due to this little different structure of the decision tree classifier
.
Well we need to adjust to get the right vector if predictions were spread that we had for the previous
classifiers.
And so we made the adjustment for decision trees by adding this type argument here and set it equal
to class.
Now we have the white pride factor that we needed.
And besides yes we would have encountered some issues if we you know computed the confusion matrix this
way with this why predecease the matrix of probabilities.
But now it will be fine because white bread is set the correct way.
So we'll execute this and look at the number of incorrect Productions.
All right.
Now let's enter C.M. here and we have 6 plus 11 UKL 17 incorrect predictions.
So now let's see if we were right to change our code this way so that we can plot the graph.
Let's see if it will work.
I hope it will work because I want to show you the decision tree prediction regions and prediction boundary
.
I really want to show you this.
For those of you who didn't follow the bike and Twitter of course.
So let's select this and let's see if we made a good job.
All right looks good.
So far looks good no errors.
Let's see what happens.
And we were right this works perfectly well that's a decision tree test fired.
That's the prediction boundary.
So as you can see there is only horizontal and vertical lines.
That's because as Karylle explains the density algorithm is based on some conditions of your independent
variables.
By finding you know each time intervals that will make conditions that will classify in some rectangles
your observations and actually what's funny is that we clearly have less overfitting than in Python
.
And actually that's why we have more incorrect predictions because in python we had you know red rectangles
here red rectangles here.
There was also red rectangle here and here.
We didn't actually specified more parameters but these amazing Archerd library and that's why it's very
popular chose the right parameters the radial parameters to you know pre-event overfitting because here
we clearly don't have overfitting.
We have a fitting with Python because of all the red rectangles here that we're desperately trying to
catch every user in the right category.
But here is not the case in here.
It's doing a terrific job you know classifying correctly most of the right points here.
Most of the green points here in the right region and as well as these green users here who couldn't
be well to fight for linear classifiers such as they just take regression or linear kernel as VM.
So here is a pretty good job but still we have some incorrect protection.
That's because that's difficult to classify.
Well if you want to prevent overfitting in the data.
So even if we had 17 correct additions that's a very good classification.
We have here.
OK but now let's look at the test results and I'm actually not too worried about that because since
we don't have overfitting here then that means that we're very likely to have some good results as well
on the test.
Let's check it out.
Test set and execute.
That's it.
And here's the test set.
OK.
So as I told you this looks very good.
This is the set on which we have those 17 regulations you can count them if you want.
You will find 17 and it's classified.
Most of the red users in the red region and most of the great users and greener regions.
That's quite OK by the way we can see that most of the incorrect predictions are here.
We can see that we have many red points in the green region so that's unlucky.
But as I told you we would rather prevent overfitting than trying to minimize to zero the number of
incorrect predictions.
So there is another new kind of classifier and therefore another new kind of prediction region and prediction
boundary.
And now in the next section you will find out about random forests who are actually a team of decision
trees of many decision trees you know around them for us can contain 500 trees and so each decision
tree of the team will vote for each data point whether this data point belongs to class 0 0 class 1
.
That is it will vote for each user if this user bought the SUV or didn't buy the SUV and based on a
majority vote it will decide if each one belongs to the red region or the green region.
And so I'm telling you this because you know since here we have the job of one decision tree.
Imagine the job of a Normy of decision trees like 500000 trees.
Imagine what he could do to classify the result.
But let's not get too enthusiast about that.
Remember that we want to prevent overfishing.
So let's find out anyway.
All right.
Now time for the little extra bonus.
Let's plug the decision tree.
So in order to have the best interpretation we're going to remove the feature scaling and to do this
we're going to clear everything and re execute the code.
But without fishes can.
So let's do this.
We're going to clear the data here by clicking on this button here.
And yes then the plugs here.
Yes.
And then kill the console as well by typing control.
Well here we go.
All right now everything is clear.
We can execute the whole script.
So let's do it step by step.
We're first going to take all the preprocessing step but without the features came in here as you can
see I'm not selecting this.
All right so now command control please percentage is cute.
All good.
Now you can see that if we go to our dataset training set and test set you can see that the features
are no longer scaled.
All right.
So for example in the training set we have the real age.
I mean with their real values and the real estimated salaries the real value is ok.
Nothing scale.
Now let's select this to fit the decision tree classify it as a training set.
So command control controllers and to execute it.
Now it's fit it by the way I'm just going to replace this by Decision Tree classification.
All right.
What we're really interested in right now is to plot the decision tree.
So we're going to add a new section here below and I'm going to call this section bloodying the decision
tree.
And as I told you in the Python tutorial this is going to take two lines.
This is very simple.
So let's just do it.
It's going to be very quick.
Again besides the two lines that we need to write could not be more simple because indeed what we need
to type here is plot.
And then in parenthesis classifier because you know the classifier Here's the classifier that we created
here in this part using the our part function of the Arbre library and that's all we just need to type
Plup classifier and that will plot the tree.
But without the labels without the conditions reason explicitly.
So in order to add these conditions written explicitly we just need to add below text classifier.
Here we go.
And now it's ready.
Isn't that simple.
There's only two lines we'll plot an interpretable decision tree.
Let's check it out.
I'm going to select all this and press command control press enter to execute.
And here is a tree.
So as you can see we have at each split the condition that is generating the splits.
So for example the first place is made based upon the condition age lower than forty four point five
years old.
So that means that if the user is below 40 4.5 years old he will get into this subcategory after the
split and if the user is older than forty four point five years old he will end up in this category
of this place and then we have some new conditions here and new condition on the other independent variable
.
The estimated salary in this condition is estimated salary below $90000.
So what that means is that if the user is younger than forty four point five years old and has an estimated
salary below $90000 then according to our decision tree classifier this user won't buy the SUV because
the result here is zero.
And if the user is younger than forty four and five years old and has an estimated salary over $90000
then according to our decision tree classifier this user will buy the SUV because the result here is
one.
Again if you go to the other side of the tree well this other side of the tree first contains all the
users that are older than forty four point five years old.
And then we have some new conditions generating new splits.
So another condition of the age here then another condition on the estimated sorry and then again another
condition on the military and following yes or no these conditions we end up in some final categories
the final nodes of that decision tree where the user is predicted not to buy the SUV for this node and
predicted to buy the SUV this node and this node And this note.
OK.
So that was worth looking at this.
We sort of explored this decision tree classifiable behind the scenes.
And what's important to understand now when you're using decision trees is that's a big advantage of
this classifiers that we can have these very interpretable results because here on this decision tree
plot we can see everything that's happening.
We can see how the decision tree decides whether user will be predicted to not buy the SUV or to buy
an SUV.
We clearly see the whole thinking process of the decision tree and in some way we saw how it learned
from the data how to classify each of our user of the social network.
All right so I look forward to seeing you in the next section about running for us.
We will implement training for us on Python and our and I can't wait to show you the final graphic results
until next time.
Enjoy machine learning